Existing Mnemonic (#123)
ethereum/eth2.0-deposit-cli: README.md

##### Step 2. Create keys and `deposit_data-*.json`

Run the following command to enter the interactive CLI and generate keys from a new mnemonic:

```sh
./deposit new-mnemonic
```

or run the following command to enter the interactive CLI and generate keys from an existing:

```sh
./deposit existing-mnemonic
```

###### Commands

The CLI offers different commands depending on what you want to do with the tool.

| Command | Description |
| ------- | ----------- |

> | `new-mnemonic` | (Recommended) If you don't already have a mnemonic that you have securely backed up, or you want to have a separate mnemonic for your eth2 validators, use this option. |

Reviewer: simplification suggestion:

```suggestion
| `new-mnemonic` | (Recommended) This command is used to generate keystores with a new mnemonic. |
```

Author: resolved via https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-deposit-cli/pull/123/commits/10bc333ee973d6243e9bfb7fb179b29f373ce7e8

> | `existing-mnemonic` | If you have a mnemonic that you already use, then this option allows you to derive new keys from your existing mnemonic. Use this tool, if you have already generated keys with this CLI before, if you want to reuse your mnemonic that you know is secure that you generated elsewhere (reusing your eth1 mnemonic etc), or if you lost your keystores and need to recover your validator/withdrawal keys. |

Reviewer: simplification suggestion:

```suggestion
| `existing-mnemonic` | This command is used to re-generate or derive new keys from your existing mnemonic. Use this command, if (i) you have already generated keys with this CLI before, (ii) you want to reuse your mnemonic that you know is secure that you generated elsewhere (reusing your eth1 mnemonic .etc), or (iii) you lost your keystores and need to recover your keys. |
```

Author: resolved via https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-deposit-cli/pull/123/commits/10bc333ee973d6243e9bfb7fb179b29f373ce7e8

| `--folder` | String. Pointing to `./validator_keys` by default | The folder path for the keystore(s) and deposit(s) |
| `--chain` | String. `mainnet` by default | The chain setting for the signing domain. |

###### `existing-mnemonic` Arguments

You can use `existing-mnemonic --help` to see all arguments. Note that if there are missing arguments that the CLI needs, it will ask you for them.

| Argument | Type | Description |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| `--validator_start_index` | Non-negative integer | The index of the first validator's keys you wish to generate. If this is your first time generating keys with this mnemonic, use 0. If you have generated keys using this mnemonic before, use the next index from which you want to start generating keys from (eg, if you've generated 4 keys before (keys #0, #1, #2, #3), then enter 4 here.|
| `--num_validators`  | Non-negative integer | The number of signing keys you want to generate. Note that the child key(s) are generated via the same master key. |
| `--folder` | String. Pointing to `./validator_keys` by default | The folder path for the keystore(s) and deposit(s) |

> | `--chain` | String. `mainnet` by default | The chain setting for the signing domain. |

Reviewer: It looks good to add the descriptions of other arguments to`"@click.option(..., help="<description>")` as well (currently, only the `--mnemonic-password` has it)

Author: https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-deposit-cli/pull/123/commits/d3149c688a30f4af33ff0344730757dbda944f1a Added help parameters for all the commands and arguments.

##### Step 2. Create keys and `deposit_data-*.json`

Run one of the following command to enter the interactive CLI:

```sh
python3 ./eth2deposit/deposit.py new-mnemonic
```

or

```sh
python3 ./eth2deposit/deposit.py existing-mnemonic
```

You can also run the tool with optional arguments:

```sh
python3 ./eth2deposit/deposit.py new-mnemonic --num_validators=<NUM_VALIDATORS> --mnemonic_language=english --chain=<CHAIN_NAME> --folder=<YOUR_FOLDER_PATH>
```

```sh
python3 ./eth2deposit/deposit.py existing-mnemonic --num_validators=<NUM_VALIDATORS> --validator_start_index=<START_INDEX> --chain=<CHAIN_NAME> --folder=<YOUR_FOLDER_PATH>
```

###### Commands

See [here](#commands)

###### Arguments

See [here](#new-mnemonic-arguments) for `new-mnemonic` arguments
See [here](#existing-mnemonic-arguments) for `existing-mnemonic` arguments

> #### Option 4. Use Docker image

Reviewer: I pushed #139 :)

> #### Option 4. Use Docker image

Author: Merged, thanks @hwwhww!
